Adding participant information page (#19)
AlexsLemonade/2024-august-training: workshop/local-participant-information.md

<!-- Please update this file to reflect logistics for the workshop being taught. -->

## Workshop Location

The Bulk RNA-Sequencing and Reproducible Research Practices Workshop will be held at the University of Minnesota in the building located at **717 Delaware Street SE, Minneapolis, MN 55414. 
We will meet in Room 105.**
Enter through the front main entrance.

If you have trouble finding the building or the room on the first day of training, please use Slack to direct message `Jen O'Malley`.

## Pre-workshop Information

**Please review and sign our waivers:**

* [Training waiver](https://app.hellosign.com/s/2o2yghCj)

> * [Data use waiver](https://app.hellosign.com/s/7AZ7TWXe)

Reviewer: I actually don't think we need this - no ScPCA data is used for a bulk RNA-seq workshop!

**Here is the [link to join the Slack group](http://ccdatalab.org/slack)** that we will use for communication purposes and to stay in touch after the workshop! 
You will be added to our `#2024-august-training` channel. 

This is a hands on workshop!

> * **Be sure to review the [pre-workshop setup items (on the homepage)](https://alexslemonade.github.io/2024-august-training/)** for instructions on preparing your computer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Be sure to review the [Setup Instructions (on the homepage)](https://alexslemonade.github.io/2024-august-training/#setup-instructions)** for instructions on preparing your computer. 
```

* **We will hold pre-workshop office hours on Friday, August 16** from 2-3pm CDT (3-4pm EDT) on Slack. 

> Join us on the `#2024-august-training` channel for help getting setup and to ask any questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us on the `#2024-august-training` channel for help getting set up and to ask any questions.
```
